Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
♪In the old house, a light breeze blows♪
♪Carrying a wisp of floral fragrance♪
♪You left in such haste,
without hesitation♪
♪Before I could even feel the joy♪
♪I dared not write a single word♪
♪Afraid it would give my heart away♪
♪Leaving behind a foolish soul
in loneliness♪
♪The world grows old♪
♪Time slips by like a blade♪
♪Through every day and night
as I wait for the flowers to bloom♪
♪It feels as though
a thousand years never passed♪
♪The wind lets petals
fall into your palm♪
♪Love makes us foolish,
lost in endless memories♪
♪No one cares about our story♪
♪Slowly fading away♪
♪Flowers bloom in snow,
brief as life itself♪
♪So many poems through the ages
speak of♪
♪Love and hatred,
partings and vows of the past♪
♪Had we never crossed paths
in this lifetime♪
♪Nothing could separate us,
even if we were oceans apart♪
=The Princess Decree=
=Episode 6=
(Yuanze, bad news.)
(Gan Sheng comes in fierce.)
(He has begun to search for
Mrs. Liu and Zhao.)
(I'm also being suppressed at court.)
(I beg you to find the draft
as soon as possible)
(and return to court)
(to take charge.)
(Princess Royal Yongan's Residence)
Your Highness, we found
Liu Zhen's widow and her young grandson
are hiding in Apricot Blossom Lane
at the far end of a house
in the south of the city.
Gan Sheng's men have already gone there.
We must deal with them
before Gan Sheng arrives.
Do it cleanly.
Leave no trace.
Yes.
Dead?
Who did it?
The work is clean. Doesn't seem
to have been dealt by ordinary people.
Who in this capital
have such skill?
I do know one person.
You're a busy man.
What brings you here?
I found something amusing
in the city recently,
so I thought of showing it to you.
Don't panic, Your Highness.
Why not call Li Yuanze?
We can enjoy it together.
Official Li, please.
Since everyone's here,
bring it up.
Official Li.
Take a good look.
Does this corpse
look familiar?
This is Mr. Liu's jade.
Mrs. Liu.
Zhao!
Since Official Li has confirmed it,
it seems
there's no mistake.
Though the bodies
were soaked beyond recognition,
their age and build
match Liu Zhen's family.
Your Highness.
I was searching for these two.
I was close to finding them,
yet they died.
Their faces are also unrecognizable.
Is this
your doing?
What if it is?
I only killed two people.
Must I seek your approval?
Why say so?
I only fear
to stain your hands.
After all, killing
is my specialty.
Is that so?
Then you should have acted before me,
not question me here.
You're right.
But
according to the law,
an official's crime
spares the elderly and the young.
Your act
may stir debate.
The law has nothing to do with me.
I hate Liu Zhen to the bone.
How could I spare his family?
Since they're Liu Zhen's family,
they deserve to lose their lives.
You two.
Why bring these filthy things
before me again?
Take them away.
Who dares?
Zhou Cheng.
Let's go.
General.
Are we just going to leave?
Won't it be too easy for them?
This thorn
leaves no chance for them
to mend things.
I've seen
your methods.
♪In the chilling blizzard,
when everyone is in their dreams♪
♪My heart elopes with you♪
♪Each smile and frown
stirs my very soul♪
♪And soothes my scars♪
♪Silent dim night.
Someone beneath the moon♪
♪Waiting only for you to grant a kiss♪
♪I will be your loyal servant♪
♪And offer you my devoted soul♪
♪Be your sharpest blade♪
♪That is witnessed
by the sun, the moon, and the stars♪
♪I'm willing to fall for you,
whether for a moment or forever♪
♪Giving you everything I have♪
♪My obsession with you is in the past
and I dare not hold you tight♪
♪I long for your gaze.
Even a moment lasts forever♪
♪All worldly splendor
eventually fades to nothing♪
♪Where love is true, even happiness
can be entrusted to the wind and moon♪
♪I only fall for you
for a moment or a life♪
♪Each word and line,
the mountains and moon sings for you♪
Your Highness.
He won't be in danger, right?
Find him an imperial physician.
His life is mine.
He cannot die
without my say.
♪Falling blooms pale before your smile♪
Your Highness.
The imperial physician said
Official Li was caught in rain
and already fell ill.
Grief worsened it, hurting his heart.
He needs medicine immediately,
but he won't drink a drop.
I want to see
if he's really set on dying.
Who let you in?
So this is the act
you put on beside me.
I should have burned it.
Seems like you still don't know me.
When I topped the exam,
Mr. Liu praised me
not only for fine writing,
but also for my photographic memory.
Each word and punctuation inside
is etched in my mind.
To destroy it fully,
you must kill me.
Do you really think
I won't kill you?
It's not that you won't,
you can't anymore.
Li Yuanze, don't you dare.
Today,
if you take one step out,
you'll bear the consequences!
I should have taken this step long ago.
If I hadn't held hope for you,
I wouldn't have made such a mistake.
Thank you
for giving me that final push.
Someone,
stop him for me.
The Empress Dowager's decree
has arrived.
The Empress Dowager has issued an edict.
(Eunuch Feng, Empress's Attendant)
Former Vice Minister Li Yuanze
is talented
and capable.
Recommended by the ministers,
he can uphold his mentor's legacy.
He is hereby promoted
as Grand Secretary,
overseeing all state affairs.
So decreed.
I
accept the decree.
♪When we first met,
moonlight rippled on the water♪
♪Your silhouette in dreams
turning back with gentle eyes♪
♪A trace upon my heart,
a thought quietly hidden♪
♪Words almost spoken,
yet our story froze in time♪
♪Your gaze felt familiar♪
♪Etched into my heart,
one tear swelling into a sea♪
♪How many times have we brushed past
as our fates wavered?♪
♪Only to circle back
into someone's open palm♪
♪That moment I saw you,
spring awakened in me♪
♪My heart suddenly
becomes soft and tender♪
♪Longing flowed
and stirring waves of affection♪
♪Smiles and tears
blurred everything in the past♪
♪The words were similar♪
♪With eyes closed,
it felt like you were right beside me♪
♪That moment I saw you,
spring awakened in me♪
♪My heart suddenly
becomes soft and tender♪
♪Longing flowed
and stirring waves of affection♪
♪Smiles and tears
blurred everything in the past♪
♪The words were similar♪
♪With eyes closed,
it felt like you were right beside me♪
♪After we part and meet again♪
♪Your face had already changed♪
♪Longing flowed
and stirring waves of affection♪
♪If your words are clear♪
♪Like an image carved in the bones♪
♪It doesn't matter
whose skin the soul hides underneath♪